/**

	main ui loop
		-> scene
			-> elements
		- other scene
			-> other elements
	
	
	This C TUI library is very basic and only lets you draw boxes and text. although its
	very minimal and lightweight. This library uses a scene based layout system where you
	assign an element to a scene which grows the scenes "arena" which is basically just 
	an array that contains the positions of every element on the scene. The scene is as 
	wide and tall as the largest element, this means not much ram is used.

	A scene is basically a container that holds elements, each element is "absorbed" into
	an array of elements which are then rendered onto a "arena" which as mentioned holds
	the positions of all elements on the scene.

	There is a main app struct that must be defined, you can append scenes onto the app.
	using certain functions you can switch the current scene to another scene. this could
	be used for seperate pages or tabs in your app. 

	out of the box the main app acts as the body for all scenes it has no real input 
	propertys. the scenes however have input propertys that can be used by elements 
	such as scrollamount or index.
:i
	- scrollamount
	elements within a scene can have characters that go out of bounds. if this occurs the
	out of bounds characters will not be displayed (of course). Scrollamount allows out
	of bounds items to be shown on screen. this works as youd expect, if an element is 1
	character off the screen to the bottom of the page then if the scrollamount changes 
	from 0 to 1 then that element will move up one character and the out of bounds bit 
	will be shown.

	scrollamount.x and scrollamount.y are available for going in either direction. you can
	also use scene.overflow.x and scene.overflow.y to disable scrolling in a certain 
	direction.

	- index
	each element in a scene refers to an index, the first appended element to a scene would
	be at index 0 and the second one would be at index 1 and so on and so on.. in this 
	library every scene MUST have one selected item at all times, the scene uses index to 
	determine what element is currently selected. this is similar behavior to the DWM window
	manager where on ever "tag" (workspace) there must be a selected "client" (running 
	graphical application). another thing to note is that there is a zindex value which
	acts similar to the css z-index property where the lower the index the lower the 
	element is in the draw space, the scene.zindex_elements contains a linked list to the 
	scene.elements array in which elements are ordered from smallest to largest zindex. 
	the regular scene.elements array is sorted by smallest to largest regular index.
	these lists are re-sorted when a new element is added to the scene.

	- functions and events
	each element has a defined event for hover and click, a hover event occurs when the element
	is selected that way both mouse input and keyboard input can be implemented. the click function
	occurs when the element is clicked either through mouse click or another event handler. the 
	scene.event.click can be set which executes on all element events and the scene.event.hover 
	can also be applyed, these values must point to a void func (scene *) type where  the 
	current scene is passed into the function, note that using the passed scene you can use the 
	scene.index value in the scene.elements array to get the propertys of the event element.

	along with this each individual element can also have its own event handlers. these events must
	be of type void func (element *) where the element is the event element. after an event occurs
	the event element will be redrawn. this means that you could potentially apply hover or click 
	effects like a style change.

	- masks
	The main scene can have a mask applyed to it which effects the colors of pixels below it, each
	character on screen is given its own struct containing an saturation value. this value will 
	decrease or increase the color of each individual pixel. this could be used for shadows on ui
	or other cool effects, this mask is drawn on every frame event so there are quite a few 
	positilitys. To add to performance a mask has a draw_count value just like every single element
	and scene, this value is as its name implys a count of how many times its been drawn, another 
	important value is the update_count which is a count of how many times the element/mask/scene 
	has been updated. Now if it comes time to redraw an element and it HASENT changed at all then 
	the individual element will not be redrawn.

	- performance
	the performance of this library has not been tested yet. note that lots of per-pixel calculations
	occur but nothing wild. im sure there are better ways to optimize this. this program has never 
	intended to be ram-intensive infact i never cared about how much ram this library used, its main
	use is to be as simplistic and customizable as possible so do not expect projects using this 
	library to be cheap resource wise.

	- embedded scenes.
	scenes have a scene.geom.x, scene.geom.y, scene.geom.w and a scene.geom.h value which if unset 
	default to x: 0, y: 0, w:100% and h:100% this is the same if you set any of those propertys to 
	zero manually. the reason that all elements cant be scenes is because that is too much unused 
	values that i dont want to have to identify. maybe a TODO would be to implement this theory 
	using a psudo-compat-layer that replaces the function to create a scene with one that creates 
	an element with the properies of a scene. this is definitly a QOL feature that may or may not
	be implemented..

	- *async-ish* animations
	moving onto another per-character system, it came to me that a per-character animation
	system would need to be implemented in order to have animations. Of course similar to
	masks each "animation" would need to be pre-computed using some for of matrix loop for
	every character on the scene. the way animations can be done is introducing a false 
	draw event that tells each pixel NOT TO DRAW until you call a specific function. now 
	think of this senario, each character on the screen has a function tied to it, this
	function has a randomized number between 1 and 10, and each time the function is 
	called the number goes down one, when the function reaches 0 the character will be 
	drawn. this means that for every character on the screen you would get a randomized
	appearance over 10 frames where randomized sets of characters will appear on each
	frame. you could link this to a certain function or something and use that as a re-
	usable animation. I think if this was implemented it could be useful for precomputed 
	fade-in and out effects from various angles. and combined with the masking feature i
	think that this library could really have some computationally in-depth features that
	could be implemented by the users.

	- character generalization
	the scene holds an array of every pixel that has holds a rgb value. the mask also has
	an rgb value ALONG with a opacity value between 0 and 1. note that there are actually
	two of these arrays one for foreground and one for background, the color of the mask
	are averaged with the characters color based off of the opacity value. if the opacity
	is 1 then the character will only be the filter color, if the 
 **/
